my first thing in my purse is my Lilly
Pulitzer agenda and this is in the print
Lulu on the front I have a southern
Tiger sticker
I don't know that brand but the sticker
was so cute so I bought it and then I
have a little pen right here just I can
write little notes and this isn't always
in my purse because I don't carry my
purse around like every single day but
on the weekends or when I go somewhere
I'd definitely put this in here so I can
plan stuff out my next thing is my
wallet of course and is my Lilly
Pulitzer one piece there wristlet I
don't know the name of this print but it
has the lipstick and the little smooches
on it and when I open this up I mean it
has just like the regular wallet stuff
my debit card some gift cards
another gift card money change all that
fun stuff once you can on the Lilly
trend I have my Lilly puts her mobile
charger all this does is charges your
iPhone so all you have to do is just
charge this up on your computer plug
your iPhone in and you're ready to go to
croakies not attached to anything but
this one is a southern tied one and this
one is a Lilly Pulitzer scarlet begonia
one so to go with the cookies I have my
ray-bans these are the gold frame with
the dark brown lenses I love these I got
them last year before summer I think I
purchased these with my own money they
weren't expensive because they are
polarized got it polarized polarized I
can't say that word okay so they're
polarized so they were expensive like I
said and if they break I'll cry a girl
gets hungry so I have an elite dark
chocolate fit little chocolate square
these just taste really good and they're
supposed to like give you energy who
knows if it does that but it's a good
little snack and my next thing is a
Special K chocolatey pretzel cereal bar
these are so good they kind of look not
so good but my mom made me try one a
while back and I fell in love so they're
a really good stack that keeps you
filled up I don't carry makeup in my
purse just because I don't
shut my face or anything and it's like I
really need to but I do keep my lip
products I'm wearing that day and so
I've my favorite MAC lipstick in angel
and my favorite NYX butter gloss in
Eclair super-exciting and all in the
bottom of my purse are my braces or
rubber bands yeah I put these in my
purse so I think I'll wear them but it
doesn't really happen I usually have a
pack of gum in my purse but I think I
ran out so I found these little Altoid
smalls in there just little tiny mints
so I need to get a new pack of gum now
my next thing is my mini bath and
Bodyworks toilet woods body lotion I put
this in there when I had really dry
hands and they secured it so this is
good to have in there in the winter my
next thing isn't always in there but is
my beats headphones kind of messy but I
got these for Christmas and I've been
loving them so I've been taking them
everywhere I go but they're kind of like
big and bulky so they're not always in
there if I need a some headphones I'll
put those in there if I have a ton of
stuff and it's overflowing I'll put in
those like little white ones that come
with your phone my last thing is a hair
tie
I love these hair ties I have so many of
them there's just a cute little orange
one I always have one of these my purse
just in case you go put your hair back
or something but the hair ties always
good to happen if you need one or a
friend you're prepared so that was
everything in my purse - like 50 million
rubber bands in the bottom of it this
person looks pretty small but it is
actually quite actually alar so it's
like a big black hole in there except
for one little side pocket which I don't
put anything in I might put my cell
phone in there my cell phone isn't in
here I put my cell phone is in here it
would usually go in the pocket
this bag like I said it fits a lot but
it's kind of expensive but it is so
durable it cleans really well and I'm
really glad I purchased it so sorry in
this video over this I like looked like
I'm crying I have really bad allergies
so only this
or waters and it's just really weird but
I really hope you guys enjoy the video
and I'll see you next time bye
and either also polarized pull polarized
polarized and they're also polarized
polarized polarized these are polarized
or there's one a little side pocket
where is it okay I know there's a side
pocket
okay maybe oh but I'll hear it